welcome to young today we will discuss
the power slide now using all four
wheels adjust the back two wheels and
the keeps doing this trick is
and patrol
once you get this down pretty much got
it but when you do the slide want to put
this this lick like kind of far over
this back part of the tail here when you
rotate your body through spin let me get
my beverage dispenser but this Buffalo
right everything doesn't matter where
you put this one just long as it's light
when you're about to slide go take your
butter no is this one's like and this
one is far over the edge this tip has to
be without riding a little wobbly good
be sure to commit minionese and turn
your shoulders as you do this trick
those three things will help your life
all right people this is my boy Ridge
right here he's gonna give it a shot
after I just got through from you know
talking whatnot I read let's get this
that's not talking about just like that
ladies and gentlemen all right that's
two years and it's remember